Hello guys will come back in this video we will create an order schema where everybody that you meet
will be safe in this Kema.
So let's go out and do that.
So go to models Rugeley on it you find and get a name or the dog.
Yes.
So go.
And wire or import all the sporting events
or to make our lives easier.
You can actually go to Calgary competition I think to year and this year and just changed his or her
and we just need to change a couple of attributes your first order so we don't forget later on
and we need owner first.
For me is on
a
price right.
All right.
And really this is
the
type of
object
oriented
products will have an area where we will store all the products that we pre-Chase over here and account
quantities well.
So each product will have the quantity.
Reason why is because sometimes you want to produce more than one quantity.
For example let's say toothbrush.
Maybe you want to buy it for your grandma or your uncle and you guys to buy more than one.
So that's the reason I want to set one.
So brought out tooth brush County maybe tree for your grandma yourself and your uncle.
So that's about it.
In this video we learn how to greet an older schema.
The schema will only be created only if you made any order.
So in the next video we will learn how to create the payment API using Strype and eventually safety
data into order schema.
I'll see you guys in the next video.